README.md, before:

# vbus-sync

Downloads recorded data from a RESOL datalogging device and converts it to CSV.


## Summary

This application downloads all recorded data files from a RESOL data logging device into a
directory named like the host name itself. If the file exists locally, the download is skipped.
After that the binary `<DATECODE>.vbus` file is converted into a `<DATECODE>.csv` for easier
handling.


## Building it

A Rust toolchain is required to build this application.
### Install Rust
* On Unix, run `curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh` in your shell. This downloads and runs `rustup-init.sh`, which in turn downloads and runs the correct version of the `rustup-init` executable for your platform.
* On Windows, download and run `rustup-init.exe` from https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install.

### Build the Tool

On UNIX run:
```
$ git clone .../vbus-sync
$ cd vbus-sync
$ cargo build
```
On Windows run:
```
> git clone .../vbus-sync
> cd vbus-sync
> cargo build
```

## Running it

On UNIX run:
```
$ cd .../vbus-sync
$ # with debug output to see what happens:
$ RUST_LOG=debug target/debug/vbus-sync <HOST...>
$ # without debug output:
$ target/debug/vbus-sync <HOST...>
```
On Windows run: 
```
> cd .../vbus-sync
If you want to see what happens: > set RUST_LOG=debug 
> "target/debug/vbus-sync" <HOST...>
```

## <HOST...> 
As argument `<Host...>` the tool accepts a list of your RESOL data logging devices. You can either specify them by giving the public IP-address (123.456.78.90) or by giving the following part of the Webinterface-URL (d123456789.vbus.io).

Commit message:

Add license and contributor information.

README.md, after:

# vbus-sync

Downloads recorded data from a RESOL datalogging device and converts it to CSV.


## Summary

This application downloads all recorded data files from a RESOL data logging device into a
directory named like the host name itself. If the file exists locally, the download is skipped.
After that the binary `<DATECODE>.vbus` file is converted into a `<DATECODE>.csv` for easier
handling.


## Building it

A Rust toolchain is required to build this application.
### Install Rust
* On Unix, run `curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh` in your shell. This downloads and runs `rustup-init.sh`, which in turn downloads and runs the correct version of the `rustup-init` executable for your platform.
* On Windows, download and run `rustup-init.exe` from https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install.

### Build the Tool

On UNIX run:
```
$ git clone .../vbus-sync
$ cd vbus-sync
$ cargo build
```
On Windows run:
```
> git clone .../vbus-sync
> cd vbus-sync
> cargo build
```

## Running it

On UNIX run:
```
$ cd .../vbus-sync
$ # with debug output to see what happens:
$ RUST_LOG=debug target/debug/vbus-sync <HOST...>
$ # without debug output:
$ target/debug/vbus-sync <HOST...>
```
On Windows run:
```
> cd .../vbus-sync
If you want to see what happens: > set RUST_LOG=debug
> "target/debug/vbus-sync" <HOST...>
```

## <HOST...>
As argument `<Host...>` the tool accepts a list of your RESOL data logging devices. You can either specify them by giving the public IP-address (123.456.78.90) or by giving the following part of the Webinterface-URL (d123456789.vbus.io).


## Contributors

- Sven Myja
- [Daniel Wippermann](https://github.com/danielwippermann)


## Legal Notices

RESOL, VBus, VBus.net and others are trademarks or registered trademarks of RESOL - Elektronische Regelungen GmbH.

All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


## License

`vbus-sync` is distributed under the terms of both the MIT license and the
Apache License (Version 2.0).

See LICENSE.txt for details.
